1.3 	Changed IRI and added OBO namespace

1.4 	Added http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000115 (definition) and re-defined classes with it. 
	Added other common annotation properties id, has alternative id, has_related_synonym, has_obo_namespace, database_cross_refernce, 	
	Remove annotation property:rdfs:comment and replace it with the new proper annotation properties.
	Use re;atop
	Fixed other issues with annotations and make all cross references correct. 

1.5 	Colangiocarcinoma route has updated based on DO
	"abdomen discomfort" was wrongly located in digestive system symptoms with dyspepsia as name. We consulted with Dr. Steve J. Scaglione and changed the route and name.
	Stool symptptom category was replaced with an existing category in symptoms ontology: "feces and droppings symptom"
	Altered mental status was wrongly positioned under neurological and physiological symptom. I changed it to be under nurves system symptom, as symptom ontology has it.

2.0	All classes are reviewed to ensure right cross referencings, IRIs, IDs, obo namespaces, labels, definitions, related synonyms, alternative IDs, data base cross references, and definition sources.
	Definitions without sources in the previous version were removed.
	some of the symptoms and diseases weren't in their ontologies, so we added them to carolio:
		"variceal bleeding"
		caroli syndrome
	For the following classes from other ontologies, i.e. Symptom, or Human Disease ontologies, that did not have an original definition, we added definition and provided scientific references:
		liver disease
		symptom
		abdominal symptom
		altered mental status
		hepatic abscess
		hematochezia
		right upper quadrant abdominal tenderness
		abdominal symptom
		abdominal discomfort
		abdominal tenderness
		digestive system symptom
		feces and droppings symptom
	The "symptom status" label was renamed to "symptom recurrence status" and moved under "value partition" class and became an exhustive class.
	Proper names were replaced for treatment classes, with their definitions and sources.
	Definitions are added to pain scales